# Embedded Driver Library

Software drivers and tools written for embedded devices. This library can be included in a project to allow for easy access to supported devices and peripherals. So far the primary focus has been on developing drivers for the STM32F4 series of microcontrollers. 

## STM32F4

Peripheral and device drivers for the STM32F4 microcontroller. This folder also contains some low level code originally generated by STM32CubeMX, however library changes are now made without the use of this software. The generated code includes the definition of register addresses, data types for specific hardware features, and setup of clock speeds. 

Example application and hardware test code can be found here: <a href="https://github.com/samdonnelly/STM32F4-driver-test">STM32F4-driver-test</a>.

The subclass of STM32F4 microcontroller needs to be specified so the appropriate register data can be referenced. However, this is project specific so it needs to be selected from the application code. See the comments in "stm32f4x.h" for more details.

## Tools

General purpose software tools that are hardware independent. 

## FatFs

"FatFs is a generic FAT/exFAT filesystem module for small embedded systems. The FatFs module is written in compliance with ANSI C (C89) and completely separated from the disk control layer. Therefore it is independent of the platforms and storage devices."

Information about the module and source code can be found here: <a href="https://elm-chan.org/fsw/ff/">FatFs - Generic FAT Filesystem Module</a>

The source code is copied into this library and modified so it has a more generic user interface. This is done because the module requires parts of it to be changed to fit the users application. More specifically, the "diskio.c" file needs to be populated with low level disk I/O code specific to hardware, and the "ffconf.h" file settings need to be updated. More information on how to do this can be found in the code comments. 
